Intro: Added some additional info (#524)
mlr-org/mlr3book: book/intro.qmd

{{< include _setup.qmd >}}

> The (**M**achine **L**earning in **R**) `r mlr3` [@mlr3] package and ecosystem provide a generic, object-oriented, and extensible framework for [classification](#sec-tasks), [regression](#sec-tasks), [survival analysis](#survival), and other machine learning tasks for the R language [@R].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The (**M**achine **L**earning in **R**) `r mlr3` [@mlr3] package and ecosystem provide a generic, `r index("object-oriented")`, and extensible framework for `r define("regression")` (@sec-tasks), `r define("classification")` (@sec-classif), and other machine learning `r define("tasks")` (@sec-special) for the R language [@R].
```

> This unified interface provides functionality to extend and combine existing machine learning algorithms ([learners](#sec-learners)), intelligently select and tune the most appropriate technique for a specific machine learning [task](#sec-tasks), and perform large-scale comparisons that enable meta-learning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This unified interface provides functionality to extend and combine existing machine learning algorithms (`r define("learners")` (@sec-learners)), intelligently select and tune the most appropriate technique for a given machine learning task (@sec-tasks), and perform large-scale comparisons that enable meta-learning.
```
